#208 Updating readme to add badge (#209)
Pitt-CSC/PittAPI: README.md

![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/pittcsc/PittAPI/autotest.yml?branch=dev)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv2-blue.svg)
![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%3E%3D%203.9-green.svg)
[![Pypi Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pittapi.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/PittAPI/)

The Pitt API is an unofficial Python API made by Ritwik Gupta at the University of Pittsburgh in an effort to get more open data from Pitt.

## Installation

> Pitt API can be installed using the python package manager ``pip``. To make your development easier, you can run the pip commands in a virtual environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pitt API can be installed using the Python package manager `pip`. To make your development easier, you can run the pip commands in a virtual environment. 
```

1. Install ``pipenv`` using the [instructions](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html) for your operating system, pipenv is a tool which manages your python virtual environments for you. 

> 2. Run the commands ``pipenv install`` and ``pipenv shell`` to create and setup the virtual environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the commands ``pipenv sync --dev`` and ``pipenv shell`` to create and setup the virtual environment.
```
